DEFENSE FORCES SAYING THE THREE
N, YOTAL
BE A BY HAMAS.O ESCAPE OR HAVE
AND THEN ACCORDING TO THE ID
Y FORCESANAYT, OH MY GOSH, FINA.
BUTHI DEFENSE FORCES THEM AS
ATNDPRIME BENJAMIN NETAN I
DIAMRETYON.O STRAIGH JEM
CIVILIANSTY ABAT
WERE BNGHOSTAGE BY
Y FORCESHO BELIEVED THAT THEWER,
KILLED MISTAKINGLYSOLDIE A
TWENTIES.EN AR
28-YEAR-OLD YOTAM HAIM,
D ALON SHIMRIZ, THEY
WERE BOTH FROM KIBBUTZ KFAR AZA.
ON OCTOBERTH.THESE IDRE EITHER R
ABANDONED BY THEIR CAP TO NOTE,
TH NEI GAZA CITY,
IT'S ONE OF HAMAS
ING STRONGHOLD IN
NORTHERN GAZA.
THWHALING MILITARY HAS BN
ING THEM.
ISNI ERIOZENS OFHEHE WHOLE
O
PROTESTING, DEMANDING THAT
TAH A DEAL
IMMEDIATELY TO FREE THE HUNDRED
IN GAZA.NG
HORRIBLE TRAGEDY.
KR
CRICISTO PALESTINIAN MEN
WHO HAD BEEN
ATBOUT YOURYHEY ARE CIVITHME
HAMY?>> REPORTER: WE
R THE LA WEEK
SURFACED ON CIDONSF PAINN BOYS ,
FF BBACKS, DETAINED BYSOIE GAZAT
FIRSTHAND TESTSE AWE HELD BYHE
HERE'S THE ABUSE AND THE
ATMENT THAT
DESCRIBED.TER:, LAD,
SW THESE ARE THE
HANDS EMER AFTER HE WAS
DETAINED FOR FIVY
ISRAELI FORCES.
>> THESE ARE FROM THE PLASTIC
WIRES.
WEE HANDCUFFED BEHINOUR
BACKS.
>> REPORTER: HIS WOUNDS ARE NOT
AL-AQSA MARCHERS HOSPITAL.
THS NUMBERED WITH REER, R
WITHOUT CHGEMAHMOUD LD.
THIS IS FROMOO>> REPTEE AND HISR
D ISRAELI
SOLDIERSN
NEIGHBORHOOD OF GATHE ISI
VY FIGHTING WITH
HAMAS.
>> TRANSLATOR: THEY WILL TOUR HC
ON THE ARMS. DOGE HANDS CAUS
DEPEIND  WOUKICK
.
HE JUST DECIDED TO COME AND
KICK ME.
EPMOUD AND HIS
FATHER ARE AMONG THE HUNDREDS
OF PALESTINIAN BOYS AND MEN,
MANY OF THEMD BY
VES OR EMPLOYERSCIVIANO HAVE BEN
>> TRANSLATOR:THE FLOOR ANT THEN
R HEADS.
THEY WOULD ASK, ARE YOU HAMAS?
D BEAT US.
NT
WWHEN WE ASKED FOR SOMETHING TO
MEN WH DESCRIBEDEN BS
AR IDENTICAL ACCOUNT
ABUSE.
SEVERAL SAID THEWE
AL
LITTLE TO NO FOOD OR WERTER HE E
AL, 14 MAH
HIS RELAS  IS
DIABETICO
N DURING HIS FIVE-DAY
DETENTION.
>> TRA PSYCHOLOGICALLY
THERE WE OTO
AR SNS OF  TORTER: II AID IT
S DETAINING INDIALS
SUSPECOF INVOLVEMENT IN
T TIAND THFOUND
THE F  BE TAKING PART INIS
TARE TREATED INCE WITH  THAT ITO
TREAT ANY DETAINEE WITH DIGN
ANGUIDELINES WERE NOT FOLLOWED
WOULD BE LOOKED INTO.
E  DECLINED TOSS ALLEGATIONSAN
OYS AND THENINTERVIEWED BY CNN.
PROTECTSTENTION,ANINEN ABSELRAVA
INDIGNITY.G ANHUMILIATING TREATU
>> REPORTER: FOR 14-YEAR-OLD
HE TRAUMA IS NOT
YS T I DON'T WANT SPEAK.
ID.
I DON'TO DO
SOMETHINTOS RMISSION, HEY
TOHEATIONS OF ABUSE.
LARGAREAOF GAZA.SOON A.MOREUELSE
HEARD FROM THEERIN? ABSOLUTELY R
FRO MANY.
AS WELL, THESE FRUSTRA THANK YO,
FATHER OFWOENANI  THAT YOU WAIT
EVERY DAY,T'S THAT ANIIT T
THREE  IN WERE KLED , TH THEY EE
HORRIFIC, HORRIFIC T
I CAN'T EVEN
WHEN YOU HHOW TERRIFIED YOU MUSN
. HE EVEONAT
IS T TRAGIC
SURVIVED E OR SODYTHG
TRAGIC BECAUFAMILIES WILL NEVERF
TIMS OF OCTOBER
AND, YNOW,
WOUL,  THE SOLDIERTHEMSELVSOLDIA
HAVE TO LIVE WITH THAT FOR THE
RE
SOI KNOW Y HAD A CNCTH MEET WITH
PR THETE
HOUSE THIS WEEK.
T ME THAT.
UCH OF THA
PRIVATE.
FA ARE HELDAND OTHERNSERO
HOSTAGE BY HAMAS RIGHT NOW.
WELL, IED A SHABO
THERS REPRTA,, ACTUALLY TEN OF E
OF THEM L HAVEESY HAMANDEED MEST
THE WHITEN FOR
E.
WET LLSHORTLATWI OS.T.ENCE.
ARD WHAT WOM
ANY ROM CIDIRECTORCOMMITG
. GOVERNMENT
O TO GETLL OF THE
EIGHT AMICOF COURSE, LEADERS
ISRAEL AND IN
THIS
>> AALL CAN JUST, YOU
KNOW, HOPE A